link component (#17897)
MetaMask/metamask-extension: ui/components/component-library/button-link/README.mdx

<ButtonLink href="/">Href example</ButtonLink>;
```

### ExternalLink

> When an `externalLink` prop is passed it will change the element to an anchor(`a`) tag and add the `target="_blank"` and `rel="noopener noreferrer"` attributes.

Reviewer: From what I can see the logic that exists is that if `externalLink` prop is passed it will add the `target="_blank"` and `rel="noopener noreferrer"` it will not change the element to an anchor tag. Only passing an `href` will change the base element? Maybe we can update this and also add some insight into why?

```suggestion
When an `externalLink` prop is passed it adds the `target="_blank"` and `rel="noopener noreferrer"` attributes. 

`rel="noreferrer noopener"` is used in links to prevent security vulnerabilities that can be exploited by malicious websites. It disables the window.opener property and prevents the new page from sending the referrer information, providing an additional layer of security.
```

<ButtonLink href="/">Href example</ButtonLink>;
```

### External Link

When an `externalLink` prop is passed it adds the `target="_blank"` and `rel="noopener noreferrer"` attributes. 

`rel="noreferrer noopener"` is used in links to prevent security vulnerabilities that can be exploited by malicious websites. It disables the window.opener property and prevents the new page from sending the referrer information, providing an additional layer of security.

<Canvas>

>   <Story id="components-componentlibrary-buttonlink--href" />

Reviewer: Once ExternalLink story has been added you can update this to
```suggestion
  <Story id="components-componentlibrary-buttonlink--external-link" />
```

</Canvas>

```jsx
import { ButtonLink } from '../../component-library';

<ButtonLink href="https://metamask.io" externalLink>
  Anchor element with external link

> </ButtonLink>;

Reviewer: Just check this code example reflects the story but I think it does so not updates here
